docs: update how-tos with roles (#687)
juju/terraform-provider-juju: docs-rtd/howto/manage-roles.md

(manage-groups)=
# Manage groups

```{note}
In the Juju ecosystem, roles are supported only when using [JAAS](https://canonical-jaas-documentation.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/).
```

(reference-an-externally-managed-role)=
## Reference an externally managed role

> To reference a role you've created outside of the current Terraform plan, in your Terraform plan add a data source of the `juju_jaas_role` type, specifying the name of the role. Optionally, you may also output the role's UUID so you can later reference it in other resources. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reference an existing role in your Terraform plan add a [data source](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/data-sources) of the `juju_jaas_role` type, specifying the name of the role. Optionally, you may also output the role's UUID so you can later reference it in other resources. For example:
```

```terraform
data "juju_jaas_role" "test" {
  name = "role-0"
}
output "role_uuid" {
  value = data.juju_jaas_role.test.uuid
}
```

> See more: [`juju_jaas_role` (data source)](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/data-sources/jaas_role)

(add-a-role)=
## Add a role

To add a role, in your Terraform plan create a resource of the `juju_jaas_role` type, specifying its name. For example:

```terraform
resource "juju_jaas_role" "development" {

>   name = "devops-team"

Reviewer 2: it's my bad because i'm who's originally put this example here.
However I think a better name for a role would be `model-reader` or something like it
